RC: Added errors and CIDR overlap to Feb Changelog (#3110)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/changelog/february-2024.md

---
Title: Redis Cloud changelog (February 2024)
linktitle: February 2024
description: New features, enhancements, and other changes added to Redis Cloud during February 2024.
highlights: CIDR overlap detection
weight: 65
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["RC"]
aliases: []
---

## Enhancements

> ### New Backup location errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New backup location errors
```

> The Redis Cloud console will now notify you through email and on the application if the back up location you specify does not exist or has the wrong permissions. See [Back up databases]({{<relref "rc/databases/back-up-data">}}) to learn how to set the right permissions for your back up locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Redis Cloud console will now notify you through email and on the application if the backup location you specify does not exist or has the wrong permissions. See [Back up databases]({{<relref "rc/databases/back-up-data">}}) to learn how to set the correct permissions for your backup locations.
```
